Add new article about Navajo nation (#667)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/50.discussion.md

A preprint [@doi:10.1101/2020.04.05.20054502] provided observational evidence that geographical areas in the United States that suffer from worse air pollution by fine particulate matter have also suffered more COVID-19 deaths per capita, after adjusting for demographic covariates.
Although lack of individual-level exposure data and the impossibility of randomization make it difficult to elucidate the exact causal mechanism, this finding would be consistent with similar findings for all-cause mortality (e.g., [@doi:10.1073/pnas.1803222115]).
Exposure to air pollution is associated with both poverty (e.g., [@doi:10.3390/ijerph15061114]) and chronic inflammation [@doi:10.1016/j.neubiorev.2018.06.002].

> Other outcomes of environmental racism, such as the proximit of abandoned uranium mines to Navajo land, can also cause health issues such as respiratory illness [@url:https://journalhosting.ucalgary.ca/index.php/jisd/article/view/70753/54416].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other outcomes of environmental racism, such as the proximity of abandoned uranium mines to Navajo land, can also cause respiratory illnesses and other health issues [@url:https://journalhosting.ucalgary.ca/index.php/jisd/article/view/70753/54416].
```
